
Backstory (More than you need to know):


"Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young."
- Henry Ford

The above quote sheds a lot of light onto the choices I have made in my life.

After I graduated high school, I wanted to learn more about the world and its inhabitants (a desire that was fostered by my People to People experience to England, Ireland, and Whales in 10th Grade).  To this end, I <EmbeddedLink>applied</...> to a posting I found online for an English Assistant at a boarding school in Thuringia, Germany:

<Carousel/>  <--- Germany photo carousel here

As a result of this experience, I learned a lot about myself, my prior assumptions, and German culture.


----------------------------------------
Upon returning home, I took some time reacclimate myself to American culture (I spent 11 as the sole U.S. citizen at the school).  I spent the summer volunteering at an English as a Second Language school in St.Paul called "The Hubb Center".  It was at this time that my father was strongly encouraging me to finish my Post-Secondary schooling.  

I was really interested in Astronomy, Computer Science, and Language at that time.  Astronomy involved a lot of math and physics, which I enjoyed, but I ultimately doubted how well I would be able to handle the highest levels of math needed to be a successful astronomer, so I ruled out that option.  

Computer Science was the field that my father worked in at the time, so I had a lot of familiarity with process.  Unforunately for my future self, my father had just had a heart attack partially due to the stress from his job at Deluxe Corp, so I shyed away from that option.

Knowing what I know now, it's hard to understand why I chose to major in Linguistics (I was naive to the fact that B.A. degrees are not as highly regarded by many employers as B.S. degrees).  I guess if I had to empathize with my former self, I would tell him that he made the best choice at that time considering the circumstances (the prevailing thought of the time was just to get a university degree regardless of major).

One thing is for sure, as a result of having a B.A. instead of a B.S., I have since learned that to some people, credentials are paramount.  I have also learned that some people evaluate your current self based on a few decisions you made many years ago.
----------------------------------------






Likes SEction (grab 10 or so 'adventure photos')
